Well I come back to the recipe book.
We already use NGF and Engy for intersections that we're already using directives.
But now I want to enhance this project by adding our own directive which allows us to open the drop
downs which don't work as of now if you collect them.
They don't work because we didn't implored bootstraps Chalis script code and I don't want to import
this because English should be the only thing interacting with my dorm.
But now with the direct of knowledge we can create our own directive which will manipulate these buttons.
I'll add the directive in the shared folder and I will name it dropdown directive.
So the file is named dropdown directive dot ts.
Of course you could use the seal I created and you could even point to the shared folder in the command
to automatically generated in this shared folder.
I'll do it manually though.
Always a good practice and your name should be down directive like this.
And of course we need to add a decorator to turn this into a directive.
So it's the app directive decorator which needs to be imported from an angle or core.
And here there is one thing I need to set up on the selector.
I want to define how I can add my directive and I will use an attribute selector.
Therefore all enclose the name in square brackets the name now will be app dropdown to have a unique
name which doesn't accidentally interfere with an officially existing attribute name or anything like
that.
Now what should this directive do.
I want to add some functionality to it which allows us to add a certain CEOs as class to the element.
Sits on ones that just clicked.
So once this element the directive sits on it's clicked and removes the class.
Once we click again let's say.
So this is your challenge.
Try implementing such a method which basically listens to clicks and then toggle some property which
determines whether some classes attaches or not and also try implementing some code which dynamically
attaches a C S S class or not before you actually start.
Let's find out which class we need to attach.
If you go to the recipe detailer component here if you attach the open seats S-Class to the def which
holds a button group and you go to your application and select the recipe you see now it looks like
the dropdown was opened.
So it does open CSSA class the same for to use such and a header.
We need to attach.
So that's your challenge.
Boulder dropped on the rack there.
Which attaches this class.
Whenever we click on it or it removes it.
When we click a second time let's bolt this directive together now.
So as explained I want to toggle it up on clicking this.
So you listen to a click I should add.
Host listener and which has to be imported from angular core.
And I want to listen to a click event then a one to execute toggle open which looks like or sounds like
a fitting name because that is what I want to do.
I want to toggle whether this should be opened or not.
Well then I will add is open directive which all set to falls initially and then my host listener or
simply set open or is open to.
Well what it is currently not so is open was true.
It will now be set to false.
Any other way around.
So with that I'm toggling that property now to dynamically at Hatch or detach a SEUS S-Class depending
on this.
All I have to do is I'll add host binding which needs to be imported from Anglo core and allows us to
bind to properties of the element.
The directive is placed on end here.
I want to bind to the class property off that component of that element class simply is an array of
all the classes and your It's all about this open class.
As you learn that C as class we need to attach dynamically or detach.
And now the rest will be handled by angler since a bind 2 is open.
This will not be attached initially when ever is open switches to true.
It will be attached and whenever it switches to files it will be removed.
And that's our entire directive.
Now to be able to use it I need to go to Marchal and add it here at the drop down directive and add
the implored pointing to the shared folder and with that imported now I can use it I can use it in the
detail component here.
I have to use it on the div or on the element where open should be attached to in the end.
So in this case the deal with the Button class and here I'll add my own app dropdown directive.
Without square brackets without assigning any value because while I don't need to configure anything
on this directive and now in the header here the place where I need to added is just a list item with
the class of dropdown here does this what will actually need the open class to show something with that
in place and and she's still running.
Let's save this and viewless in our application see if this works the way it should.
Let's test it in the header.
Looks pretty good.
We close it by clicking again and you're on our recipe.
That looks awesome too.
So that's working exactly the way I wanted to work.
And with that in place that already has everything I wanted to build.
So a relatively short recipe book section here.
Now we can move on to services a very powerful tool and then we will add services in this app here to
greatly enhance it and fix some things which we had to do kind of complicated thus far.
We'll also add some new features